Update docs to show more descriptions, links, and features (#70)
projecttacoma/measure-repository: app/README.md

```

You can open the Measure Repository Service frontend application by navigating to [http://localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001) in your browser.

# Frontend Features

## Navigation

The application is divided into two main sets of functionality, _Repository_ and _Authoring_, both of which are accessible from tabs at the top of the page.

<img src="./static/tabs.png" alt="Screenshot of tabs" width="200"/>

> The Repository tab provides functionality for access and interacting with measure artifacts that are in the FHIR Measure Repository Service. The Authoring tab focuses on measure artifacts that are in the process of being drafted. Artifacts can be copied or moved between these two spaces through _draft_ and _release_ actions, described in the [Viewing](#viewing) and [Editing](#editing) sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Repository tab provides functionality for accessing and interacting with measure artifacts that are in the FHIR Measure Repository Service. The Authoring tab focuses on measure artifacts that are in the process of being drafted. Artifacts can be copied or moved between these two spaces through _draft_ and _release_ actions, described in the [Viewing](#viewing) and [Editing](#editing) sections.
```
I think?

> The Repository tab provides functionality for access and interacting with measure artifacts that are in the FHIR Measure Repository Service. The Authoring tab focuses on measure artifacts that are in the process of being drafted. Artifacts can be copied or moved between these two spaces through _draft_ and _release_ actions, described in the [Viewing](#viewing) and [Editing](#editing) sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Repository tab provides functionality for access and interacting with measure and library artifacts that are in the FHIR Measure Repository Service. The Authoring tab focuses on measure and library artifacts that are in the process of being drafted. Artifacts can be copied or moved between these two spaces through _draft_ and _release_ actions, described in the [Viewing](#viewing) and [Editing](#editing) sections.
```
I would potentially rephrase "Artifacts can be copied or moved between..." because technically they are not being copied/moved between the two because their version/status changes between the two- is this too nitpicky? You could instead keep it simple to something like "Artifacts can be drafted or released beween these two spaces..." 

I would also maybe reword "The Authoring tab focuses on measure artifacts that are in the process of being drafted" since they are drafts...maybe just say "focuses on draft measure and library artifacts" or something else that is perhaps clearer on the fact that they are drafts.

Author: So the problem is that there can technically be drafts in the FHIR repo as well, so the app is kind of a temporary space for ... lets maybe say "unofficial" draft measures (because they're not in the official repo yet). I'm trying to differentiate the purpose of the authoring space as being more temporary and in progress.

Author: ```suggestion
The Repository tab provides functionality for access and interacting with artifacts that are in the FHIR Measure Repository Service. The Authoring tab focuses on artifacts that are in the process of being drafted. Artifact content can be copied or moved between these two spaces through _draft_ and _release_ actions, described in the [Viewing](#viewing) and [Editing](#editing) sections.
```
What do you think about changing it to "Artifact content" so that we can show that the main content is being copied or moved, but this implies that there may be some more meta-data type fields that may change in that process?

Within these tabs, the left panel navigation allows for selecting artifact types or searching (Repository only) for artifacts so that they can be browsed for viewing or actions.

<img src="./static/navigation.png" alt="Screenshot of navigation" width="250"/>

## Landing Page

> The landing page can be accessed on first load or by clicking the Measure Repository home button on the top left. This page links to resources to learn more about the Measure Repository and shows existing FHIR service capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The landing page can be accessed on first load or by clicking the Measure Repository home button on the top left. This page links to resources to learn more about the Measure Repository and shows existing FHIR service capabilities.
```
"In the top left" or "on the top left of the page"?

Author: on the left... at the top... prepositions are hard lol
```suggestion
The landing page can be accessed on first load or by clicking the Measure Repository home button in the top left corner. This page links to resources to learn more about the Measure Repository and shows existing FHIR service capabilities.
```

## Repository Tab
The Repository tab displays sets of artifacts from the FHIR Measure Repository Service. Options allow for viewing resource details or reviewing the resource.

<img src="./static/repository-options.png" alt="Screenshot of repository options" width="75"/>

### Viewing

> -	Measure: Resource details include options to see the JSON, Data Requirements, or Dependencies.        

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-	Measure: Resource details include options to see the JSON and Data Requirements and Dependencies if they exist.   
```

Reviewer: Doesn't have to be exactly that, but something that indicates that the Data Requirements and Dependencies only display if they exist (for example, if we create a draft artifact from scratch and then release it, it will not have data requirements or dependencies).

Author: Similar to the library comment on the line below, did I miss options for Measure? Like I think measure could have narrative too? Could it have elm or cql?

Author: If not, then it would probably just be
```suggestion
-	Measure: Resource details show the JSON as well as options to see the Narrative, Data Requirements, and Dependencies, if they exist.          
```

> -	Library: Resource details include options to see the JSON or Narrative.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-	Library: Resource details include options to see the JSON and the Narrative, CQL, ELM, Data Requirements, and Dependencies if they exist.
```

Reviewer: Doesn't have to be exactly that, but something that indicates that the Data Requirements, Dependencies, ELM, and CQL only display if they exist (for example, the FHIR library only has JSON and Narrative but MATGlobalCommonFunctionsFHIR4 has JSON, DR, Dependencies, CQL and ELM but no Narrative).

Author: Good catch!
```suggestion
-	Library: Resource details show the JSON as well as options to see the ELM, CQL, Narrative, Data Requirements, and Dependencies, if they exist.  
```

> -	Drafting: Both resource views allow the user to create a draft from the artifact. This action copies the existing artifact and any children it owns to the draft Authoring space with an incremented version to logically differentiate it from the original artifact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-	Drafting: Both resource views allow the user to create a draft from the artifact. This action copies the existing artifact and any children it owns to the draft Authoring space with an incremented version and draft status to logically differentiate it from the original artifact.
```
Or something along those lines if you think that's necessary

Author: ```suggestion
-	Drafting: Both resource views allow the user to create a draft from the artifact. This action copies the existing artifact and any children it owns to the draft Authoring space with a draft status and an incremented version to logically differentiate it from the original artifact. See the [draft operation specification](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/cqf-measures/measure-repository-service.html#draft).
```

### Reviewing
Reviewing a resource provides options for viewing existing comments on the resource or adding a new comment. (Note: this is currently partially implemented and requires updates for viewing comments.)

## Authoring Tab
The Authoring tab gives options for creating a new draft artifact from scratch or starting from a copy of an existing artifact from the FHIR Measure Repository. 

<img src="./static/draft-artifact.png" alt="Screenshot of create draft artifact" width="350"/>

> The left navigation resource type selection displays sets of artifacts that are in progress, being drafted for potential addition to the FHIR Measure Repository. Options allow for editing, reviewing, or deleting a draft resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The left navigation resource type selection displays sets of artifacts that are in draft status. Options allow for editing, reviewing, or deleting a draft resource.
```
I am not totally sure what's best here I will leave it up to you but I think that sentence could be slightly reworded?

Author: The app really sits in a bit of a weird space - I wanted to make clear that the draft measures are not in the FHIR repository but rather just in our local storage until they are "released" (or otherwise moved to the official FHIR repo).

Reviewer: Ah I see what you mean. I think you can keep essentially what you have but should there be an "and" instead of the comma? Idk grammar is hard

Author: agreed on the "and"!
```suggestion
The left navigation resource type selection displays sets of artifacts that are in progress and being drafted for potential addition to the FHIR Measure Repository. Options allow for editing, reviewing, or deleting a draft resource.
```

<img src="./static/authoring-options.png" alt="Screenshot of authoring options" width="120"/>

### Editing
-	Updating: A Measure or Library allows changes to basic resource fields:
    - url
    - identifier value
    - identifier system
    - name
    - title
    - description
    - library (Measure only)

> - Releasing: Both resource types may be released from the editing page. This action publishes the draft artifact and any children it owns to the Repository space, adding them to the FHIR Measure Repository and giving them an active status. The draft artifact(s) will be removed from the Authoring space.      

Reviewer: Do we want this to be its own section?

Author: I've kind of organized everything along the current navigation hierarchy. Releasing is a sub-function only available once you start editing, so that's why it's in the editing section. Could potentially reorganize if there's a different organizational scheme that makes more sense!

Author: ```suggestion
- Releasing: Both resource types may be released from the editing page. This action publishes the draft artifact and any children it owns to the Repository space, adding them to the FHIR Measure Repository and giving them an active status. The draft artifact(s) will be removed from the Authoring space. See the [release operation specification](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/cqf-measures/measure-repository-service.html#release).
```
